README.md, before:

# FastMathExt

FastMathExt is a high-performance C++ extension for Python that provides efficient implementation of mathematical functions. It includes fast factorial calculation and optimized matrix multiplication, leveraging C++ and OpenMP for optimal performance.

## Features

### Factorial Calculation
- Fast factorial calculation using iteration
- Modulo arithmetic (10^9 + 7) to handle large numbers
- Dynamic programming approach for optimization

### Matrix Multiplication
- Cache-optimized matrix multiplication
- OpenMP parallelization for multi-threaded performance
- Support for both square and non-square matrices
- Comparable performance to NumPy for large matrices
- Block matrix multiplication strategy for better cache utilization

## Requirements

- Python 3.6 or higher
- C++ compiler (Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 or greater for Windows)
- pybind11

### Windows-specific Requirements

If you're on Windows, you'll need:
- Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools
  - Download from: [Visual C++ Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/visual-cpp-build-tools/)
  - During installation, select "Desktop development with C++"

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abdalla-Eldoumani/FastMathExt.git
cd FastMathExt
```

2. Install the required Python packages:
```bash
pip install pybind11 setuptools
python setup.py build_ext --inplace
```

## Usage

### Factorial Calculation
```python
import MathExt

# Calculate the factorial of 5
result = MathExt.factorial(5)
print(result) # Output: 120
```

- You can also run the included test script:
```bash
python test_mathext.py
```

### Matrix Multiplication
```python
import MathExt
import numpy as np

# Create two matrices
A = [[1, 2, 3],
     [4, 5, 6],
     [7, 8, 9]]
B = [[9, 8, 7],
     [6, 5, 4],
     [3, 2, 1]]

# Multiply matrices using FastMathExt
result = MathExt.matrix_multiply(A, B)

# Compare with NumPy
np_result = np.dot(A, B)
print("Results match:", np.allclose(result, np_result))
```

- You can also run the included test script:
```bash
python test_matrix.py
```

Commit message:

Refactor factorial implementation to support exact calculations with arbitrary precision and update README with new features and usage examples

README.md, after:

# FastMathExt

astMathExt is a high-performance C++ extension for Python that provides efficient implementation of mathematical functions. Currently, it implements an exact factorial calculator that can handle arbitrarily large numbers with perfect precision and optimized matrix multiplication, leveraging C++ and OpenMP for optimal performance.

## Features

### Factorial Calculation
- Exact factorial calculation without precision loss
- Handles arbitrarily large numbers (1000+ factorial)
- Returns precise results as strings to maintain accuracy
- Efficient implementation using Python's arbitrary-precision arithmetic
- Proper error handling for invalid inputs

### Matrix Multiplication
- Cache-optimized matrix multiplication
- OpenMP parallelization for multi-threaded performance
- Support for both square and non-square matrices
- Comparable performance to NumPy for large matrices
- Block matrix multiplication strategy for better cache utilization

## Requirements

- Python 3.6 or higher
- C++ compiler (Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 or greater for Windows)
- pybind11

### Windows-specific Requirements

If you're on Windows, you'll need:
- Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools
  - Download from: [Visual C++ Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/visual-cpp-build-tools/)
  - During installation, select "Desktop development with C++"

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abdalla-Eldoumani/FastMathExt.git
cd FastMathExt
```

2. Install the required Python packages:
```bash
pip install pybind11 setuptools
python setup.py build_ext --inplace
```

## Usage

### Factorial Calculation
```python
import MathExt

# Calculate small factorials
result = MathExt.factorial(5)
print(result)  # Output: 120

# Calculate large factorials
result = MathExt.factorial(100)
print(result)  # Output: exact 100! (158 digits)
```

- You can also run the included test script:
```bash
python test_mathext.py
```

### Matrix Multiplication
```python
import MathExt
import numpy as np

# Create two matrices
A = [[1, 2, 3],
     [4, 5, 6],
     [7, 8, 9]]
B = [[9, 8, 7],
     [6, 5, 4],
     [3, 2, 1]]

# Multiply matrices using FastMathExt
result = MathExt.matrix_multiply(A, B)

# Compare with NumPy
np_result = np.dot(A, B)
print("Results match:", np.allclose(result, np_result))
```

- You can also run the included test script:
```bash
python test_matrix.py
```
